some text need to cut

When a letter arrives for unhappy but 
ordinary Harry Potter, a decade-old secret 
is revealed to him. His parents were 
wizards, killed by a Dark Lord’s curse 
when Harry was just a baby, and which he 
somehow survived. Escaping from his 
unbearable Muggle guardians to Hogwarts, 
a wizarding school brimming with ghosts 
and enchantments, Harry stumbles into a 
sinister adventure when he finds a three¬ 
headed dog guarding a room on the third 
floor. Then he hears of a missing stone 
with astonishing powers which could be 
valuable, dangerous, or both. 

‘Funny, imaginative, magical... Rowling has 
woken up a whole generation to reading. In 
the 2020s, thirty-something book-lovers 
will know each other by smug references 
to Diagon Alley and Quidditch’ The Times 

‘This is a terrific book’ Sunday Telegraph 

‘Has all the makings of a classic ... Rowling 
uses classic narrative devices with flair and 
originality and delivers a complex and 
demanding plot in the form of a hugely 
entertaining thriller’ Scotsman 

‘And you thought wizardry was for 
children. Harry Potter will make you think 
again. He casts his spells on grown¬ 
ups too’ James Naughtie 

‘Full of surprises and jokes; comparisons 
with Dahl are, this time, justified’ 
Harry Potter 


a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passers-by 
stare: ‘Don’t be sorry my dear sir, for nothing could upset me 
today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even 
Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy happy 
day!’ 

And the old man hugged Mr Dursley around the middle and 
walked off. 

Mr Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a 
complete stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, 
whatever that was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set 
off home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never 
hoped before, because he didn’t approve of imagination. 

As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he 
saw - and it didn’t improve his mood - was the tabby cat he’d 
spotted that morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was 
sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes. 

‘Shoo!’ said Mr Dursley loudly. 

The cat didn’t move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this nor¬ 
mal cat behaviour, Mr Dursley wondered. Trying to pull himself 
together, he let himself into the house. He was still determined 
not to mention anything to his wife. 

Mrs Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over din¬ 
ner all about Mrs Next Door’s problems with her daughter and 
how Dudley had learnt a new word (‘Shan’t!’). Mr Dursley tried to 
act normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the 
living-room in time to catch the last report on the evening news: 

And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the 
nation’s owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although 
owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, 
there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in 
every direction since sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why 
the owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern.’ The news 
reader allowed himself a grin. ‘Most mysterious. And now, over to 
Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more showers of 
owls tonight, Jim?’ 

‘Well, Ted,’ said the weatherman, ‘I don’t know about that, but 
it’s not only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as 
far apart as Kent, Yorkshire and Dundee have been phoning in 
to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they’ve 
had a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people have been 

and some more
and some more
and some more
and some more
and some more
and some more
and some more
and some more
and some more
and some more
